README.MD, before:

## Business Card OCR Parser

To run:
- $ npm install -g live-server
- $ npm install
- $ live-server
- click on public dir

Test:
- All test: $ npm test
- A test file: $ npm test \<test/fileName.test.js>

Notes:
- This was my first time ever writing test code using Jest

- I used the parts of the email to make a best guess for the person's name since input was random and unstructured. If no email was provided I used the first possible candidate as the name.

- One assumption I did make, however, was that each data was on it's own line (Ex: Name and address won't be on same line, etc.)

<b>Files:</b>
- <b>public:</b>
    - <b>index.html:</b> Main page of the application

- <b>src:</b>
    - <b>index.js:</b> Retrieves input & passes it to BusinessCardParser & displays output

    - <b>businessCardParser.js:</b> All logic used to extract info from input

    - <b>contactInfo.js:</b> Contans contactInfo class to store info extracted by BusinessCardParser

    - <b>stringSimilarity.js:</b> All code from string-similarity library (NOT MY CODE)

- <b>test:</b>
    - <b>businessCardParser.test.js:</b> All test for businessCardParser class

    - <b>regex.test.js:</b> All test for phone & email regex used in businessCardParser

    - <b>inputTestData.txt:</b> Contains input for every test for getContactInfo() to test manually

Libraries used: 
    
- [String-Similarity](https://github.com/aceakash/string-similarity#for-browser-apps)

Commit message:

Added the original programming challenge description

README.MD, after:

## Business Card OCR Parser

This was my submission for the programming challenge by Asymmetrik. Below is the original description.

"We’ve created a new smartphone app that enables users to snap a photo of a business card and have the information from the card automatically extracted and added to their contact list. We need you to write the component that parses the results of the optical character recognition (OCR) component in order to extract the name, phone number, and email address from the processed business card image.

For the challenge, we need you to build a command line tool or graphical user interface that takes the business card text as input and outputs the Name, Phone, and Email Address of the owner of the business card." 

To run:
- $ npm install -g live-server
- $ npm install
- $ live-server
- click on public dir

Test:
- All test: $ npm test
- A test file: $ npm test \<test/fileName.test.js>

Notes:
- This was my first time ever writing test code using Jest

- I used the parts of the email to make a best guess for the person's name since input was random and unstructured. If no email was provided I used the first possible candidate as the name.

- One assumption I did make, however, was that each data was on it's own line (Ex: Name and address won't be on same line, etc.)

<b>Files:</b>
- <b>public:</b>
    - <b>index.html:</b> Main page of the application

- <b>src:</b>
    - <b>index.js:</b> Retrieves input & passes it to BusinessCardParser & displays output

    - <b>businessCardParser.js:</b> All logic used to extract info from input

    - <b>contactInfo.js:</b> Contans contactInfo class to store info extracted by BusinessCardParser

    - <b>stringSimilarity.js:</b> All code from string-similarity library (NOT MY CODE)

- <b>test:</b>
    - <b>businessCardParser.test.js:</b> All test for businessCardParser class

    - <b>regex.test.js:</b> All test for phone & email regex used in businessCardParser

    - <b>inputTestData.txt:</b> Contains input for every test for getContactInfo() to test manually

Libraries used: 
    
- [String-Similarity](https://github.com/aceakash/string-similarity#for-browser-apps)
